It was a fall afternoon of 2005 .
She works from scientific assistance in the ACLU , the United States of Liberty Civil Libeges .
I was saving my work , but precisely that day I felt a little bit excited .
So I got to get to my fellow Chris Hansien .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris was over 30 years old at ACLU , so I would know how it works .
I said , Chris , I felt a little bit like a little bit .
I was engineering a series of questions about science and civic liberty : very interesting .
But he wanted the ACLU approaches these problems of face , in a way that it could fit over a difference .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris was direct to the big and questioning , &quot; &quot; All of those questions , you are the five thing in the back ? &quot;
&quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s the genetic discrimination , the breast technologies , the biomashes , and ...
There are also a great thing , the job of IMR as a detector of liespotters and ...
And of course , the subject of genetic patents . &quot; &quot; Project genetics ? &quot;
&quot; &quot; Yes , that is , patents of human genes .
&quot; No ! &quot;
Now , let me tell me that the patent government of parts of the human body ?
It can &apos;t be . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ve got to my job , and I sent Chris three articles .
And 20 minutes later , it came back to the spreading .
&quot; Rosh ! You are right ! Can you deploy ? &quot;
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s Chris &apos;s a big lawyer , but I didn &apos;t know almost nothing about patents and absolutely nothing about genetic .
I knew something about genetic , but it wasn &apos;t very high-lawy , a lot less patent .
I was of course that there was a lot to learn before they deploy anyone .
First of all , we had to know exactly what it was if I was trying to pay when someone was saving a gene .
The genetic patents can adopt a gift of kingdom , but the more conversation of all of all are called &quot; &quot; right DNA , &quot; &quot; or , a DNA piece of DNA that extract from a cell .
The advantage of this say , &quot; &quot; We don &apos;t take the genes in your body , we take the right genes . &quot; &quot; And it &apos;s true , the bigger issue that we need to illar the genes for us to use .
And patents not charge an in particular gene in particular , but all the possible versions of that gene .
And what does this mean ?
So you can &apos;t walk your genes to a doctor and ask them to examine , to see if mutations , sensitive , sensitive .
It also implicates that patent is the right of the patent is the right to prevent that gene as employees or research trials .
Will these words , often private companies , closed parts of the human genome was prejudating to patients .
We have the case of Abignor , a little 10-year-old little little year with the long time , a heart disease that , if it &apos;s not , it can cause sudden death .
The company that patent the two genes associated with this disease created a gift to diagnose syndrome .
But then it went on the bank , and they &apos;ve never got the offend .
But the company that he could take the patent with remanted to infringement the patent .
Two years , without it able to make it .
During that time , Abignor died of Qus , without diagnosing .
genetic patents were a problem that was prejudable to patients .
Would you have a way to do this border ?
Well , it turns out that the Supreme Tourt left of course on a long list of cases previously , that there is a series of things that are not patent .
You can &apos;t take the products of nature : the air , the water , the minerals , the elements of the periods .
In fact , the laws of nature : the gravity law , and X = mama .
These are very fundamental things , and they must be all the reach of all of all .
In our own opinion , the structure of the most fundamental life , that encodes the production of all our proteins , it &apos;s both a product of nature as a law of nature , no matter what they find in our bodies or in the bottom
For the better form , we travel all over the country to talk to different experts : scientists , medical professionals , lawyers , patents of patents .
Most people told us that we were right from a political point of view , and at least in the theory , from a legal point of view .
All of them thought the possibilities of our own subject were so many as I think .
But why is that ?
It turns out that the patent room takes up with these patents over 20 years .
Liby , there were thousands of patents of human genes .
The patent court was very late to the status status , the industrial industry of biotechnology , that practice , and legislation to procrashes genetic patent patents of the year to Congress , sensitive .
Again , the courts are not willing to be willing to blow these patents .
( Applause ) But , I don &apos;t know , and I don &apos;t have to do it fear , and that they said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not enough , &quot; &quot; and it &apos;s a little thing to go . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) (
So we started to remember our cause .
The judgment for adoption used to be : &quot; &quot; Span A Star B for some technical , dark and confuse , dark and messy subject .
We don &apos;t have to tell us that kind of causes , we think our cause would slow much more .
It &apos;s about science freedom , the medical progress and the rights of patients .
So we decided to open a cause that it would not be like the typical the typical , but it &apos;s a cause for the province of a civil rights .
We &apos;ve proposed to relate a patch of genetic patent that I &apos;ve been defending teners to their patents to then organize a competition of deploycles and experts that are telling them to the courts like these patents actively
We think the ideal candid to deploy was Mary Genetics , a company with Salt Luke City , Utah .
Mary could have the patents of two genes , the BR-1 genes and BRCA1 .
The women with certain mutations in these genes have more likely likely to stand out of a chest cancer .
A total monopoly about the BCRA tests in the United States .
He said , we &apos;ve got to have a laboratory to stop out of BCRA tests .
They got a lot of money for their exams : more than 3,000 dollars .
They should have to share their clinical data with the international scientific community .
And , if you take the oil of all over a period of a few years , Myoto negote to activate his examination to the mirror mutation that includes additional mutations that we were identifying for a team of researchers in
He said that for that time , for several years , to one 12 percent of women who did they had had been proposed on a wrong answer : a negative result that should be positive .
This is Kathy Mxan .
Kathlep , Eileen , developed cancer with 40 years , and he did the exams with Mary .
The examone was negative .
The family accelerated .
The more likely was that that cancer didn &apos;t be present in the family , so that the other family members didn &apos;t need to do .
Two years later , Kathy diagnosed with a black cancer in a advantage .
It turns out that Kathy &apos;s sister of Kathy found out between that 12 percent of people who have received a false negative result .
If Eileen received the correct result , Kathy would do the examination , and he would avoid his cancer cancer .
I could accel these problems .
Interesting counselors , genetic organizations , four scientific organizations that in contex represents over 150,000 scientists and medical professionals , and women who are not able to be able to afford , or they wanted to have a second option that they couldn &apos;t
One of the main approaches that we face when we prepare this case was to think about the way that explaining science .
To argue that what I did Myov was not an inwind , and that the BRCA genes were products , we had to explain a couple of basic concepts , the guy : What &apos;s a gene ? What is DNA ?
How do we take the DNA , and why is that inwind ?
We spend hours and hours with our fingers and experts , trying to give you a way to explain these concepts in the simplest form .
And at the end of the end of the end of the metaphor , the metaphor , like the golden .
So for a DNA DNA , it &apos;s like extracting gold in a rollercoaster or a river of a river .
You can take the process to get the process to extract gold , but you can &apos;t pay the golden .
With much how to work if it requires to extract the golden golden ; you can &apos;t pay , it follows being gold .
And the gold , once that &apos;s , we can employ all kinds of things in the way that we couldn &apos;t possibly employ when I was on the rollercoaster ; with a pocket , with an example . But you can &apos;t take the
In 2009 , we were ready to present the case .
We hang on the front of the Federal Robert Federation from New York , and the case of the case was assigned , to the US Robert Swatet .
In March 2010 , the Swiss Swatots issued his check : 152 pages . A total Victorian for us .
When we read your opinion , an unusual electronic that has described the science in the case .
I mean , our report — it was pretty good , but not so good .
How could we develop an as deep knowledge of the subject in so little ?
You couldn &apos;t imagine how it was possible something like this .
So it turned out that the assignment I was working on the Swat Swat of that , not only was a lawyer — it was a scientist .
And not only was a scientist — he had a PhD in molecular biology .
( Laughter ) Wow luck for lucky !
So Myow appealed to the Tederal Pederal Turing Turing Turing .
And there are the things that were interesting .
First of all , in this case , government government has changed .
In the district court court , government issued a report to Mary .
But in the next place , direct her office office , government came up in the report that he would reconsider this subject to the light of the district court , and the conclusion that the light DNA wasn &apos;t sustained .
This was very important , and totally unexpected .
The Federal Constituent of the Federal Coleal takes all the cases of patents , and it &apos;s been printed to their repputation , very , very promotion of the patent .
So even with this notoy event , we &apos;ll tell you .
And so it was .
More or less .
The decision was 2 against one .
But the two judges that vot against us , they did for completely different motives .
The first one , the Lourie judge , he created his own and new biological theory , totally wrong .
( Laughter ) ( Applause )
So I &apos;ve been argued to that , so I didn &apos;t have any sense .
The other jump , the Moore More , said that I agree with us instead of being the light in a product of nature .
But I don &apos;t want to start the industrial industry of biotechnology . &quot; &quot; The third , the Gukson Bryson , it gave us the reason .
You have to present a question that you &apos;re going to answer , the Tourtal .
So these questions , these questions take the form of a supremely paragraph , often a page with chapusable muscles , where &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; so &quot; &quot; so &quot; &quot; so . &quot;
We did what you can calculate was the shorter question than ever received .
Five words : Are they patents for human genes ?
When I asked me what I thought of those words , I said , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t know .
I think you have to say , &apos; is the pathoble DNA ? &quot; &quot; No . &quot; &quot; No .
I want them to take the same reaction to the same reaction that I had the day I talk about this subject for seven years . &quot; &quot; And of course , I was going to say me ?
Turing the Turing Sun only oe around one percent of the cases that concre , and accepted to hear our own .
He gets the day of the speakers and it was very , very exciting — with lots of people out , people who led to waiting for the 2 : 30 of the dawn to try to try into the judgment .
Different organizations against cancer cancer , they organize a protest in the employment in the judgment .
Now , Chris and I expect together in the runner , moments before he was to defend the most important case of your career .
I was much more nervous than it .
But all that panic was crushed when I went in the room and I saw my fight , a bunch of pile face face : women that I know and sharing their personal stories , the gene that will sacrifice a lot of time from
In the room , there were three leaders of the Human Genome Project , including the co-discoverer of DNA , James Watson , who came up with a report to the court , what he said a lot of what we had in the
The claim was a faller .
( Laughter ) Chris joy a brilliant way .
But to me , the more passionate thing to see the Jewish French DNA trying to understand the light DNA , the size of a series of predictive analogies and contracts of the official , in a very similar way of how we did our
Kagan Kagan was associated with the isolation of the DNA with an average of the Amazon plant .
Robert Robert containing a baseball battle from a tree .
And what &apos;s a sudden for my favorite moment , the Supremely Supreme moment determined that the right DNA is nature . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) When we left this day of the trial we felt very confident , but it could be able
It &apos;s a natural section of DNA is a product of nature , and it &apos;s not susceptible to be patent as just because it was lit .
And what &apos;s more , Mary didn &apos;t create anything . &quot; &quot; Twenty-four hours after the decision , five labs announced that they would begin to provide the exam to the BRCA genes .
Some of them had to hold up the cheapest to Mary .
Some of them had to hold up a more exhaustive examine than I wanted to do .
But the court decision was in Mary .
Remember with a 25-year-old practice could enable to take human genes in the United States .
They run out of the incentive innovation and the biomedical research .
And it has helped that patients like Abignor , Kathy and Eileen had access to the exams they needed .
Two weeks after the court comes out to his court in his decision , I got a little basket in the correct box .
It was from Bob Cokean , a professor of Duke University and one of the first people that I and Chris went to visit , and I went to visit , and I went to visit , and I &apos;ve been visiting , and we
( Laughter ) I rare it a lot with this case .
Part of what has given us to address those risks was to be able to be able to do the correct .
The process lasted for almost eight years from the beginning to the end of the end , with many gars and unseen to the way .
Of course , the lucky helped , but they were the communities that we united , and the alaires we create , the ones that will give you .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Hi . Today , I &apos;m going to show you a few of my projects eight of my projects , made in collaboration with the artist Smile Smile .
We got to call Pen &amp; Rob and we live in India .
I &apos;d like to begin with my first piece , what I call &quot; &quot; The Food &quot; &quot; The France . &quot; &quot; I insisted on the habitat peculiar of my own is to constantly ask you to do things for it ,
When I grew up , the thing was the worse , and I started to see as a form of control .
Of course , I couldn &apos;t say nothing before , because the thing is a very respected figure in the Indian family .
What I &apos;m going to go and disrupted and disrupted was his use of the philosopher .
He &apos;d take the audiences , and I &apos;d hope that I would marry the number for it .
In response and how you do my own is , I &apos;ve done it . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that they lack two people &apos;s lack of two people to use it .
It &apos;s exactly the way my own is using a distinct phone to a person .
The problem is that when I went home and I went to college , I began to boar at least your ears .
So I &apos;ve made a sort of writing machine that I could give you their own or over and over and over and over the world , and you &apos;re looking at the entire world .
What I had to do was take a role , putting the role in the car , writing email email or order and take the role .
This device would send automatically to the person in which the letter in the form of email .
Here you can see that we have a lot of electronic devices that understand all the metic actions and deskise in digital .
So my own is just a mechanical interface .
And from then , the object has to be great and having a touch of ritualism , as I like to my own is .
The next job is a sensitive device to the dream that we call carries &quot; &quot; The Pigmasses . &quot; &quot; We wanted to work with the novel of being surrounded from a fixed creature court , sensitive and sweet .
This works like this . We have these panic in the wall and , behind , we have these little creatures that are floods .
Instead we want to stand in silence , intune .
And if you are more silence , they should be pigs .
And at least they are , they aggregate again .
So we have these panic in three walls of a room .
And we had some 500 of these little sticky pigs out there .
And so it &apos;s how it works .
This is a video prototype .
When there are silence , they come out of the panic .
And as humans or the real creatures .
And they make immune in the sound that they &apos;re going on the little .
They don &apos;t react to the sound of the funding .
You see it in a moment that they don &apos;t react .
( noise ) But they react to the sounds in the first plan . Do you see that in a second .
( Applause ) We work very hard to do the most realistic realistic realistic .
Each pig has their own behavior , psycho-changing changes , personalities , etc .
This is a very premature prototype .
Of course , it was the best after that .
We did that they react to people , but we saw that people was quite a game and child child with them .
This is a video device called &quot; &quot; the whistle person . &quot; &quot; We &apos;re very intrigued with the idea of playing in the nation of invisibility .
How could it try to experience invisibility ?
We work with a company trained in surveillance cameras , and we asked them to create software with us using a camera that could look at people in the room , to follow these people , and to replace a person with the bottom up ,
I &apos;m going to show you a very premature prototype .
On the right , you can see to my colleague Soren , who actually is in space .
And on the left , you &apos;ll see the processed video where the camera makes invisible .
Smile comes in the room . Wow ! Fair .
You can see how the camera is the next , and the rub .
It &apos;s a premature video , because we don &apos;t care about it , and all of that , but it drives the region , more on .
And we &apos;ve done it in a room where there was a camera where a camera is going to look at space , and we had a monitor on each wall .
And second people in the room , they would see themselves in the monitor , except for a difference : a person was constantly invasive where they were moving in the room .
This job is called &quot; &quot; sun shadows . &quot; &quot; It was almost as a piece of paper , like a recorant of a child &apos;s manner of oil or a sun .
So in front of this observation seemed very strong and robust , and it &apos;s almost very soon .
People would walk through the room and almost the ignority to think that it was a trailer .
But instead , it would come to train by the wall in the brush wall .
They can see , and it would mean .
( Laughter ) This work is a caricature of a gift of reverse .
His mind is so heavy , full of heavy thoughts , which looks like falling on their shadow and his body grows in a plant .
What does it do is move out of your head as if you &apos;ve been tested in a very impeding move and extraordinarily slow .
It &apos;s like a lot for that circle .
Because if that circle doesn &apos;t get there and the soil out of the ground , they would begin to discuss for space .
And there are no cables .
I &apos;ll be able to be an example . When people come in the room , it will enact this object .
And , very slowly , in a few minutes , it &apos;s incredibly slowly , pasting it , and it looks like it &apos;s the falling point .
This is a very important moment because they wanted to infuse in an instinct of almost going and help or save the subject .
It doesn &apos;t take it because it &apos;s even a need to stand over again .
And this work was a really technical challenge for us and we work very hard , as in most of our work , for years to get a metic , a balance and a perfect dynamics .
It was very important for us to stagger the moment in the moment , because if we do that in the way that you lost the balance , then it damage , and if it wasn &apos;t enough , not in an influation , or that effect
I &apos;m going to show you a very quickly video where we do a probe . It &apos;s much faster .
That &apos;s my fellow .
Now , I can do nervous , so it &apos;s going to take it .
But it doesn &apos;t have to do it , because it gets to stand up for itself .
So this is a work that we &apos;ve been very intrigued , working with the stimicing of the underlying skin of a lot of diverged diagrams , that they would blow like the night sky .
And there &apos;s the scale of the night sky .
We &apos;re going to see this around a drop with a gallon form of film , who was cooked .
The idea was to contrast something so cold , distant and abstract as the universe with a copyright bear , which is very reconstant and intimate .
The idea was that somewhere would let you look at the form of a copyright bear , and almost the geeks like a hole in space , as if you were looking at a broad night sky .
This is the last job , and it &apos;s still , and it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Race space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a cub that in front of you in the room , and that , you &apos;ll take you , try to try and to become
This object is in constant and contract to create a dynamic with people moving around , as if you try to eye a secret in their own together or something .
We work with a lot of technology , but really not , because it &apos;s a lot of suffering in our work for years and years .
But we &apos;re using because we are interested in the way that help us express emotion and patterns of behavior in these creatures we create .
When a creature comes in the mind , and almost as if the generation of creation is going to figure out the way that this creature wants to exist , that way it wants to take and how you want to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m going to begin to give you a no technological , and all requires of you is this : that you have to put posture for two minutes .
But before I did , I want to ask you now to look at your body , and what you &apos;re doing with it .
Now , how many of you are in some collaborators ?
I curled , with the legs , the nanocellulos .
Sometimes we put the bricks like this .
Sometimes we go . ( Laughter ) Which I see you .
Please care attention to what do we do right now .
We &apos;re going to go back to this in a few minutes and I hope you learn how to motivate it a little bit to change the development of your life .
Well , we are fascinated with body language and intervene especially the body language of other people .
You know , I &apos;m an intermediate interaction , one smile a miserable look , a smile of eye , or even something like a ticker of hands .
Narrator : Here are now coming to number 10 .
This police is lucky , and give him to the president of the United States president .
It comes to the first minister — No . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Applause )
BBC and Times Times , even the BBC and Times , even to the BBC and Times .
So when we think about non-verbal expression or body language .
When we talk about communication we think in interactions .
What about your body language ?
What does my own do ?
There are reasons to believe that it &apos;s valid to this approach .
Sociologists spend a lot of time or other people , about judgments .
We make judgments and detections of body language .
These judgments can prepare important projections in life like who we eat or we move or and who we asked them for a quote .
For example Elupi Aimady , a researcher at the University of Thorts , proved that when someone see 30 seconds of videos without the real interaction of interacting with their judgments about the symbol of the physiology of the
So it doesn &apos;t have to see so much as if the doctor was or not incompetent , but it doesn &apos;t have to raise that person and how they interact with .
I &apos;m even more dramatic , Alex Toleov , Princeton , we &apos;ve shown us that the judgment of the face of political candidates in a second to 70 percent of the result of the head of the career of the government
If you do a misuse use of them is bad idea , not ?
Talk about non-verbal language is to talk about how we jump to others , as you jump to us and you are the consequence .
But we have to forget the other audience in which they influct our non-verbal language , that we are ourselves .
We use our non-verbal language , our thoughts , physical and physiology .
What language does not see ?
And I &apos;m a social psychology .
They &apos;ve been interested in all non-verbs of power and domination .
What are the non-verbal expressions of power and domination ?
Well , because they are this .
In the animal kingdom have to see with the expansion .
And if you do big , you &apos;re going to reach out , you &apos;re going to reach out , you &apos;re going to be open .
It &apos;s going to open .
And it works so in all the animal kingdom .
It &apos;s not limited to the primates .
We do the same . ( Laughter ) Fan that when they have power to be able to be able to be able to be powerful , and also when you feel powerful at the moment .
This is especially interesting because we show you old and universal , which are these power expressions .
This expression , I &apos;ve known as proud of it , was studied by Jessica Tfray .
I think that the people that we see as much as the people who are born as as the people who are blind congestion , they do the same when they win a physical competition .
So when they cross the end of the goal and win , they didn &apos;t care if they never saw anyone .
Fan in this .
The armies were erious , which I want something high .
What do we do when you feel helpless ?
Let &apos;s take the opposite .
They put us . We got back .
We make little grant .
We don &apos;t want to change who &apos;s our heart .
And so much the animals we do the same .
And this is what happens when we &apos;re able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do .
What we tend to do when it &apos;s to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see the verbal language of others .
So if someone &apos;s very powerful with us , we tend to get smaller . We don &apos;t imitate it .
Let &apos;s take the opposite .
If you see this behavior in the class , that the ?
Nat that MBA &apos;s student in the MBA present all of the very verbal language .
There are people who are the alpha cartoonist , they come in the class , they relate in the environment before they start class , as you want to take space .
When they are , they seem to expand .
They create the hand .
And so there are other people who will enhantically be able to be crushed .
You see in his face and your body , sit in the chair and you &apos;re going to be diverged , and they do so when he stood up .
So here you look at two things .
One will not get to you .
Without it to see sex .
Women are more likely to do it as men .
Women have always empowered my men , so this is not surprising .
But the other thing I noticed is that it &apos;s not related to the gift of alumus participation and their level of participation .
And this is very important in the MBA class because the participation accounts for the bill .
The business schools have been fighting with a second-sex difference .
You see women and equally curious , and then you &apos;re going to see these differences in the notes , that it &apos;s not an asphalt in part of participation .
So I started asking me : if there are people who come in with that attitude and participate , and they &apos;re going to tell you .
Would that be possible to be able to be able to do that , and that &apos;s going to take them to participate more ?
My collaborator Dan Carney , who &apos;s in Berkeley , and I wanted to know if you can finally pretend to do it .
I mean , you can do it just for a moment and try a result in your behavior that makes you feel more powerful ?
We know that non-verbal language condition what other people sit and think of us . There are lots of evidence .
But our question was : condition non-verbal language what we feel and we think about ourselves ?
There are evidence that this is .
For example , we &apos;re scard when we are happy , but also when we &apos;re laughing as well as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as a child , it makes us feel happy .
It works in the two direction .
When it comes to power , it also works in the two directions .
When we feel powerful is more likely to do this , but it &apos;s also possible that when we prepare to be powerful is more likely that we really feel powerful .
Well , the second question was , well , we know that the mind modified our body , but it &apos;s also the body that the body modify our mind ?
And when I say , in the case of the powerful , that I &apos;m talking about ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) I talk about thinking and feelings and the physiology components that form those thoughts and feelings , and in my case , I talked about the hormones .
How is the power of the power compared to the ones who are not ?
The powerful people tend to be , it &apos;s not surprising , more associate and secure , more optimistic .
They have the sense that they &apos;re going to win the same .
You can also try to think of a more abstract way .
And there are a lot of difference . As more risks .
There is a lot of difference between the powerful and the ones that are not .
Portiology is also a difference in two key hormones : the testosterone , which is the hormone of domination , and the curtain , which is the hormone of stress .
The alpha males with a lot of power in the generates of primates have copyright levels of testosterone and low-correct leaders . And powerful and effective leaders and effective , and the wind leaders and the wind leaders , and the powerful
What does this mean ? By talking to the power , they &apos;d been adopted to talk about testosterone , because I should see with the domination .
But the power has to be about our reaction to our reactions .
We want a dominant leader , with a lot of power , with high testosterone levels of testosterone , but sensitive to stress ?
Hopefully not , true ?
We want a person who is powerful , associating and dominant , but not very sensitive to stress , a person who is relaxing .
We know that in the purposes of primates , if a alpha has to take control , if someone has to give you the man , take a sudden that role , at the time of days , his testosterone is a lot and the
We have that evidence , that the body can shaped the mind , at least the factory , and also the paper assume can shape the mind .
So , what happens when you give you a paper change ? What happens if you do a minor level , like this little manipulation or intervention ?
Let &apos;s say , &quot; &quot; I want you to for two minutes , you &apos;re going to do so , that will make you feel more powerful . &quot; &quot; And that &apos;s what we did .
We decided to bring people to the lab and make a little experiment , those people have adopted , for two minutes , both positioning . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to show you all five of those possessions , but they &apos;ve probably probably just
This is one .
A couple more than a lot more .
The press has called &quot; &quot; Muler &quot; &quot; Mulle . &quot;
Here we have a couple more .
They can be standing , or sitting .
Here are the positioning possessions .
Now do do , make little .
This is very low power .
When the neck is protected , really .
This is what happens .
They come , back in a sentences , and we said for two minutes , you have to do this or that . &quot; &quot; They don &apos;t sell the photos of the position .
We don &apos;t want to boot them with a power of power .
We want to feel it .
Two , two minutes .
We then prepared them , how powerful you feel ? So we give them the opportunity to be able to be able to be done , we take another way to be able to be used .
That &apos;s all . This is the whole experiment .
This is what we found .
To risk , beat ; we found that when they are in a very high power position , and they &apos;re going to be able to beat the 86 percent .
When they are in the low-power poses , only 60 percent . It &apos;s a very significant difference .
Let &apos;s look at what we found with testosterone .
And by asking your normal situation to come , the powerful people to try a increase in 20 percent and the tenets have tried a decrease of 10 percent .
So again , two minutes , and they get those changes .
Now the results with the currency .
The more powerful experience has a 25 percent decrease , the more we try to try a 10-percent increase in the 15 percent .
Two few minutes ago , these hormones that trust your brain to make it aserious , secure or comfortable , or susceptible to stress , and we feel how it silives .
We all know that sense , aren &apos;t you ?
Without that your language doesn &apos;t see the way you see the way you see ourselves , not only for ourselves , but ourselves .
The body can change the mind .
The next question , of course , is , it can be a gesture of power in a few minutes to change life in a very significant way ?
This is in the lab , this experiment , are only two minutes .
Where do you really apply this ?
That &apos;s what you care about .
We think where you need is in situations in situations , as in the social social situations .
As your friends are only your friends .
For teenagers is at cofear table .
For some people is to talk to the school of school .
It might be by designing a business or give a talk like this or go to an interview of work .
We collaborated with what most people are identifying because many of the people are identifying , because many of them went through , interview of work .
So we publish the results , the pretended press and said , well , this is what you have to do when you &apos;re seeing a interview , right ?
( Laughter ) Naturally we are going to go out and say , &quot; &quot; No , God , no , it &apos;s not what they wanted to say .
So a lot of reasons , no , don &apos;t you do that .
So again , it &apos;s not about to talk to other people .
It takes to talk to you really .
What do you do before go to an interview of work ? Food .
You &apos;re sitting . Mars your iPhone — or your Android , we don &apos;t stop there .
Repas your toes , you &apos;re struggling , you &apos;re doing small , when you really should be doing this , maybe in the bat , right ? Faione .
That &apos;s what we want to evolve , right ?
We &apos;ve given people to the lab , and they adopt high and low-power galleries over and over again , went on an interview of stress interview .
Two minutes of duration . We &apos;re gravated .
They are also jumping , and the judgments are given to not give non-verbal feedback over this way .
Imagine that this person interview to you .
For five minutes , nothing , it &apos;s worse than you interrrate .
People hate this .
It &apos;s what Marianne LaFrank calls &quot; &quot; being in social moves . &quot; &quot; This firms the curtain .
This is the interview that we have , because they wanted to see what happened .
We have an analyst to look at the kens , four in total .
They don &apos;t know the hypothesis .
They have no idea that post-made each person and finish all the features , they said , &quot; &quot; We want to hire these people , &quot; , all of the post-power possessions .
We don &apos;t want to hide and throat .
We gave them a much more positive evaluation in general . &quot; &quot; What was going on ?
It &apos;s not the content content .
It &apos;s about the presence of the preservation of the speech .
Because we adapt them in all of those variatives to competent : they pop the hammer ?
Have you enough good ? What ratings have ?
These things don &apos;t affect . This and what affects us .
This class of things .
Every person malested itself , basically .
They show what they are .
They show their ideas , for themselves , without any extra .
So this is what it does or condition the effect .
When I talk to people about this , that our body changes our minds and behavior can change our way of being , dying , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
I said , &quot; &quot; Oh , I do it until you do it .
I &apos;m not that .
I don &apos;t want to get there and feel like a fraud .
I don &apos;t feel like a impostor .
I don &apos;t want to get there to feel that it wasn &apos;t supposed to be there .
This is very important for me , because I want to tell you a little story about being an imposter and about feel like I wasn &apos;t supposed to be there .
When I was 19 , I spent a terrible car accident .
They break it down and I had a bunch of cards back .
Sevin found out of the car .
I went to UCI with a fertile in the head . Gotton from university and told me that my CI went down two dissent .
I knew my CII because it will cost as supfied , and consider me in the prodiment .
So I &apos;ve taken me from university and I tried to go back .
He said , &quot; &quot; You can &apos;t finish my career .
You have to accept that there are other things you can do , but in your case , it &apos;s not . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ve had to deal with that , and I have to say that you want your identity , what really you can do ,
Still completely powerless .
So I worked and I work , and I was lucky and I work , and I was lucky , and I work .
Finally graduated at university .
I &apos;ve got four more than my fellows , and I began to convince someone , my lake on the bot , Susan Fisk , to get it accepted , and I ended up in Princeton , and I felt like I wasn
The night before the one-degree exposure .
That &apos;s it .
She had so much fear of worm the next day that I call up , and I said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to leave . &quot; &quot; She said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to leave anything , because I returned to you and
You can see , and this is what you &apos;re going to do .
You &apos;re going to do all the exposions that you &apos;re going to do .
It &apos;s just to do , and to do , and do it , and it &apos;s still scared or even paralyzed and having an outrageous experience , until you get the moment that I &apos;m going &quot; &quot; The US demo , log . &quot;
I got to here . I &apos;m doing it now . And that &apos;s what I did .
Five years back to college , a few years ago , you know , in Norway , I moved to Harvard , now I &apos;m in Harvard , I don &apos;t think so much of it , but for a long time I had
So the end of my first year in Harvard , a student who didn &apos;t talk to the class in the front of the surrounding , what they said , &quot; &quot; Look , you have to participate , you have to participate ,
Absolutely , he said , &quot; &quot; I should not be here . &quot;
That &apos;s my moment .
Because it happens two things .
The first thing I came to : you &apos;re going ! I don &apos;t feel like this .
I didn &apos;t feel so , but she &apos;s , and I poled me in your place .
The second one was , of course , to be here .
We &apos;re going to do that , and it can do it .
So I said , &quot; &quot; Yes , of course , yeah . Yes , you should be here . &quot;
You know , I &apos;m going to be able to do it , and you know , you know , you know — ( Applause ) You go to class and you &apos;re going to give the best speech of all . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; You know ,
It has a way to change .
Now I want to tell you that you don &apos;t have to do that .
Ha what I prepare to do is to turn .
Ha there &apos;s enough to do enough to turn and internalize it .
The last one I &apos;m going to tell you is this .
You can change you can take the big transformations .
I &apos;m just two minutes .
Before we &apos;re trying to think about the next situation , where you can see you , for two minutes , intended this , in the simplest , in the quarter of my neighbor , on the smell with the closed door .
This is what to do .
Changing the brain to reach up the best of story .
Street testosterone . Boom in correct .
You would never see that situation , but I didn &apos;t show you who I showed you .
I was going to be challenged with the sense that I &apos;m going to tell who I &apos;m and I will demonstrate .
I want to ask you before I &apos;ve got to adopt a power position , and I also want to convince you to share the experience , because it &apos;s very simple .
So my ego doesn &apos;t depends on this . ( Laughter ) Conpart , showing him people , because the better people can use these without resources , and technology , without a power .
They can do it because they can do it in private .
They only need their body , privacy and two minutes to change the projections of their life .
Thank you .
( Applause )
From what I &apos;d like to talk about is the bigger problems in the world .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; The skeptical ecology &quot; &quot; — probably that &apos;s a good choice .
( Laughter ) Do you talk about what I &apos;m going to talk about what &apos;s the big problems in the world ?
And so before I continue , I would ask you to each of you and paper because I &apos;m going to ask you to ask you to let me see how we do it .
So with the pencil and paper .
After all , there &apos;s a lot of problems in the world out there .
I will take just a few .
It &apos;s 800 million people going on .
One million people don &apos;t have access to powerful water .
Two billion without sanitation .
It &apos;s a million people dying of HIV and AIDS .
The lists continue .
Two billion people who will see it would be affected by the climate change — and you do .
We have many , many problems out there .
In a ideal world , we would solve all , but we don &apos;t do it .
The truth is that we don &apos;t solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t do it , the question I think we should do — and that is the reason why we are in the economy of the economy — is to say , if we don &apos;t do all , we really have to begin to ask
That &apos;s the question I &apos;d like to like to ask you .
If we had to say , 50 billion dropper to spend in the next four years to make this world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve identified 10 of the most large ports in the world , and they just read them . Meage , sanitation , sanitation , conflicts , education , education , financial instability , government and corruption , malnutrition and
We think these , in many ways , they open the biggest problems in the world .
So the thing I would observe would be wondering , what are the biggest ones ?
Why should we begin to solve these problems ?
But that &apos;s asking about a mercy problem .
In reality , that was the paradox of what was speaking in Dasas in Xanuary .
But natural , there &apos;s a problem if you look at the people in the problem .
Because we can &apos;t solve problems .
Now , perhaps most of the problems we have in the world is that we all die .
But we don &apos;t have the technology to solve that , we have ?
So the question is not prior to prioritize the problems , if you don &apos;t press the solutions to the problem .
And it would be — naturally you do a little more complicated .
For climate change , it would be something like Kylater .
For contextual disease , they could be clinic or networks for mosquitos .
For the conflicts , they would be the peace forces of the U.N. , and so we could continue .
So what I &apos;d like to ask you to try to do , and that in 30 seconds — and I know that some way is something that &apos;s impossible — write what you think are the maxiety the priority .
And also — I think , of course , where the economy is going to be going to be able to be able to do — to do what we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be at the end of the list ?
Please , take just 30 seconds , and I &apos;ve been talking to people are , and just imagine you should be the priority of being the priority and the least priorous of the solutions that we have for the biggest problems in the world
The surprising thing about this process — of course , I mean , I mean , I just have 18 minutes , and I just have 18 minutes of a matter of my time , not ?
I &apos;d like to depure , and to make you think about this process , and that &apos;s what we really did .
And also recommend recommend , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to have these discussions after that , to think , how do we coat really ?
Do you have to ask for one really , why never has a list like this before ?
And a reason is that priorization is incredibly incorporated .
Nobody wanting to do .
Of course , all the organizations would want to be at the highest of a list like that .
But also all the organism would detect not to be in the highest .
And because there are many more &quot; &quot; no numbers , &quot; &quot; which number one , is logical not wanting a list like this .
Fifty years ago there &apos;s the U.N. , and it was everyone trying to have a basic list of the great things we can do in the world , and said , what should we do first ?
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have to prioritize , every decision is a priorough , so that we &apos;re all the way we &apos;re priorough yet that it &apos;s only being automatically — and that &apos;s not probably that it &apos;s
So what I &apos;m proposing is really saying that we had , for a very long periodic of time , a situation where there are multiple options .
There are many , many things we can do out there , but we didn &apos;t have the price , and the size .
We had no idea .
Imagine that entering in a restaurant and you have a huge letter , but you don &apos;t know what the price are .
You know , you know , you know , you don &apos;t know how it costs .
It could be a fool , they could be 1.5 dollars .
It could be a family package . It could be a individual polarization , not ?
We wanted to know these things .
And that &apos;s what it &apos;s trying to do the Copenhagen of Copenhagen .
And so basically , this was the process of Copenhagen &apos;s Copenhagen .
We have 30 of the best economists in the world , three of each field .
So we had three of the best economists on the planet writing about climate change .
What can we do ? Cal is the cost ? How about the benefit of doing it ?
The same with contexts .
Three of the best experts saying , how can we do ?
What is the price ?
What should we do about it , and what would it be ?
And so on .
So we &apos;ll take some of the best world economists , eight of the best economists in the world , including three Saturday , they &apos;ve spent in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We call it &quot; &quot; dramatic team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge Cambridge Cambridge reports decided to call the Royal Meadin of the economy .
It works very well in Europe , but there &apos;s not so much .
And basically what they did , was to do a prioritized list .
And then you ask you , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy that I did that question — ( Laughter ) — because it &apos;s a very good question .
The subject is that , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you ask about a lot about malaria .
If you want to know about climate , ask for a climate .
But if you want to know what the two needs to solve first , you can &apos;t ask any of the two , because that &apos;s what they do .
That &apos;s what an economists do .
They put it .
They &apos;re going to take it to something challenged to say , we have to do first , and we should do then .
So this is the list , and this is the list that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see the web on the web , and I &apos;m sure that we &apos;re going to talk to you about the day .
Basically , they had a list in which they said that there was bad projects — basically , projects where you &apos;ve signed a dear , and you &apos;ve got less of a point as a result .
And then they were the right projects , the boards and the woods .
And of course , it &apos;s the very good projects that we should begin to do .
I &apos;m going to begin from the last way we can finish with the best projects .
These were the bad ones .
As you can see at the end of the list of the list is the climate change .
This offends the lot of people , and that &apos;s probably one of the things that people will say not to go back .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that , because it &apos;s really curious .
Why did it come ?
And the truth , I &apos;ve been trying to talk about this , because it &apos;s probably one of the things that we don &apos;t want to be according to the lists that you write .
The reason that they &apos;ve worked on that said , &quot; &quot; Kyago — or do something more than Kyoto — it &apos;s not a good job just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It &apos;s not because there &apos;s no global breakthroughs .
I &apos;m not saying that it &apos;s not a big problem .
But that is that what we can do for it is very little , a very high cost .
So what basically you &apos;re showing us , the media of all the macroeconomic models , and that Kyoto , if all the world was according , it would be about 150 billion dropper in the year .
That &apos;s a matter of money .
Two or three times the global help in development that we add to the Third World year .
And to do very little .
All the models show you can be able to open up a couple of six years to the 21 .
So one guy in Bangladesh that I was going to defuse a floods in the 21 , and it was going to fight 2106 .
What &apos;s something well , but not very good .
So the idea and say , well , we spend a lot of money doing something good .
And just by giving a baseline , the United Nations estimates that by half of that matter , about 75 billion dollars a year , we could solve all the major problems in the world .
We could give cleaner water , sanitation , basic sanity and education to all human beings from the planet .
So we should be wondering , do we want to spend the fold in doing very little ?
Or is half doing a good thing ?
And that &apos;s where it turns in a bad project .
I &apos;m not saying that we had all the money out of the world , we didn &apos;t want to do it .
No , when we don &apos;t have it , it &apos;s simply not our first priority .
The helpful projects — I &apos;m not going to comment all — but inferred disease , scale of health services — the sound for a little bit because , it &apos;s a scale of health services is a big thing .
It would make a lot of well , but it &apos;s also , but it &apos;s very scary .
Once again , what we &apos;re told and we started thinking about two sides of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , they come to a lot of sanitation projects .
Once more and more , sanitation and water is incredibly important , but it also costs a lot of infrastructure .
So I &apos;m going to show you the full fourth priorities that should should be , when the first thing we &apos;re going to solve when we talk about how we should solve the problems in the world .
The bigger evidence is malfunctioning — treat malaria .
The incofess of malaria is about a couple of million people infected each year .
It could even look at a percentage point of GDP to the year for the infected nations .
If we were going to investigated a 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we could cut it inches in half .
We could prevent the death of a thousand,000 people , but what I think is more important , we could prevent one billion people in every year .
We paid meaning their ability to treat many other problems that they have to face . Naturally , , it &apos;s also leading to lead to global food .
The third thing is open to trade .
Basically , the model has shown that if we could reach off the trade , and especially cutting the help of USA and Europe , we could basically elevate the global economy at a few 2 , 4 trillion drops in the year , half
Once again , we could actually take 200 or 300 million people in poverty , radically , and very quickly , between two and five years .
That would be the third thing we could do .
The second thing was to be focus in malnutrition .
Don &apos;t be in general , if a very economic way to treat malnutrition , is that the lack of micronuts .
Basically , half the population of the world has talk of iron , zoo , yo and vitamin A.
If we &apos;ve invested 12 billion dollars , we could make a profound fire in that problem .
This would be the second one that we could do .
And the best project was in HIV / AIDS .
Basically , if we &apos;ve invested 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we could prevent 28 million new cases of HIV / AIDS .
One more time , what this does and what &apos;s going on is that we have two very different ways as to treat HIV / AIDS .
One is the treatment and the other is prevention .
Once again , in a ideal world , we would do the two .
But in a world where we don &apos;t do any of the two or where we don &apos;t do it very well , we should be wondering where we should invest first .
And the treatment is much , much more expensive that prevention .
So bla you , what this focus is to say we can do much more investigating in prevention .
Basically for the amount of money we spend , we can do X as well in treatment , and 10 times more prevention .
So once we &apos;ve got to focus in prevention more than treatment , as a first thing .
What this does is that it really makes you think about our priorities .
Would you like you &apos;re going to look at your list of alters and digestions , we do that ?
Can you get it something like that we did here ?
Well , of course , one of the things is the climate change .
Otop lots of people think it &apos;s very , but it &apos;s very likely that we did .
We would also make climate change , if there &apos;s no other reason , it &apos;s simply because it &apos;s a big challenge .
But , of course , we don &apos;t solve all the tests .
We have many problems in the world .
And what I want to tell you is that if we focus on problems , we focus on the more help .
In those that we can do a lot more as well .
And I think , the truth — Thomas Scell , one of the participants of &quot; &quot; dramatically &quot; &quot; shelter , &quot; &quot; she explained it very , very good .
One of the things that the old people , and that in 100 years , when we are talking about most of the impacts of climate change , people will be a lot , much more rich .
Even the most critical impact on the NNU .
In the developing world , is that a medium person in the developing world in the developing 21 , is as rich as we are today .
And much more likely , it will be two to four times the richer than we are .
And of course , we &apos;re even more rich than that .
But the question is , that when we talk about saving people , help people in Bangladesh in 21 , we &apos;re not talking about a poor Bangenago .
We &apos;re talking about a very rich holothur .
And so the real subject , of course , which is to say , we want to spend a lot of money helping a little bit over here to 100 years , a very rich .
or we want to help people poor , these incomes , in Bangladesh , who needs help , and who can we help in very economic people ?
Or as the Liby said , &quot; &quot; I think it would be rich — how it would happen — a rich rich , a rich potter , a rich condrop in the 21 , 2005 , and saying , &quot; &quot; How do you care
Even if I don &apos;t agree with the typical way to see this problem .
Of course , that &apos;s fundamentally because the climate change has a few photos so good .
You know , you know , you know , you know , &quot; &quot; he looks great , right ?
It &apos;s a good film in the sense that I want to see , but I don &apos;t think I don &apos;t believe that he was going to pick up the Brad Pitt in your next movie that &apos;s leaping letters in Tanzania or
So , in many ways , I think the Copenhagen &apos;s West and all the discussions about the priority is a defense of the boring problems .
Now , to make sure that it &apos;s not just to make us feel good .
It &apos;s not going to do the things that have the greatest medium attraction , but it &apos;s also going to make places where we can actually make a larger benefit .
The other objections , I think , which matter , is that there &apos;s a man , I am — or we are — to prove a false choice .
Naturally we &apos;ve got to do it all in a ideal world — would be completely according .
I think we should do all the things , but we don &apos;t do it .
In 1970 , the developed world decided we were spending the fold of what we did , right now , in the 1970 in the developing world .
As our help reduced to half .
It doesn &apos;t seem like we are in the way we are in the way we &apos;re going to solve all of the big problems .
In the same way , people would have said , but what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spend 100 billion hurts . Why we don &apos;t spend it by doing the good thing in the world .
I &apos;m happy .
If some of you can talk to Bush to do that , it &apos;s okay .
But , of course , the subject was all the thing , say , if you had a hundred billion dollars , we would all want to get gas in the better possible way , not ?
So the real problem , is to begin again and think what priorities are correct .
Should you mention briefly , is this really the correct list ?
You know , when you ask to the best economists in the world , inevitable inevitable to be able to ask for white men and old men from the United States .
And they &apos;re not necessarily a great way to look at the entire world .
So we surround the 80 xes of all the world to solve the same problem .
The only two requirements were that I &apos;ve been studying at university , and that speak English .
Now , most of them were , first , in the developing of development .
They had the same material , but they could get away from the subject of the discussion , as they really did , to make their own lists .
And the surprising thing was that the list was very similar — with malnutrition and diseases in the highest and climate change .
We &apos;ve done this so many other times .
There are many other misers and university students and some different things .
They all had as a result of the same list .
And that gives me a big hope , really , to say , I think there &apos;s a way that there is a walk on before to begin to think about our priorities . And say , what &apos;s the most important thing in the world ?
Naturally , in a ideal world , I would try to do it all .
But if we don &apos;t do it all , we can begin to think where we would start ?
I see the Copenhagen of Copenhagen as a process .
We did in 2004 , and we hope we &apos;re a lot more people , to get a lot better information in 2008 , 2012 .
Sevening the correct way to the world . But we also begin to think in political progress .
To start thinking about saying , &quot; &quot; We don &apos;t do the things that we can gain a little bit with a high cost , and the things we don &apos;t know how to do , but we do genes , but we have to be honest ,
If we care a lot about some things , we will end for not care about others .
So I hope that we are helping to make it better , and think how we work for the world .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I &apos;ve been out of the house without keys .
It was just going to go to the house of a friend at the other end of the city because that temperature matches two scales . I have a lot of fruits .
And I was just looking for the pets and I realized that he didn &apos;t have the keys .
In fact , I could come through the strands of the scard table , where the left .
But they were all closed .
I couldn &apos;t walk on the house of my friend &apos;s house because by the morning , he had a vote in Europe and I needed to take the passport and the evil .
So desperate and dying of the fruit of fruit I &apos;ve been trained and picked up on the figures to cover .
I was going to cost a lot of money , but not more than a certificate in the mid-night .
Well , detecting neuroscience is about neuroscience .
It was correctly , which he elevates the cardiac rate module , the level of adrenaline .
So the next morning , when I &apos;ve stood up after I &apos;ve got a little bit , concerned by the window and put meetings that he was going to have in Europe , he had the head mind .
And to get to the show of the airport , I didn &apos;t tell me that I forget .
So I went back home to the house , with a snow and ice , in 40 minutes , she picked back to the airport , and I reached back to the time , but we gave my birth to another person &apos;s other person .
Or , in the case you walk through things .
and Danny contained it , and Danny contained it , and Danny contained it , and Danny contained it , and Danny contained it , and Danny contained it , and Danny contained it and
It was something that I &apos;ll be out of the psychologist Gary Kread that writing about this was a few years ago , and it &apos;s also called prepared .
It &apos;s a team of experts that will try to determine what happened , not ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) (
So what I want to talk to you today is what we can do today is what we can do today is what we can do today is what we can do today is what we can do today is what we can do today is what we can
Some things are evident , other is not so much .
I &apos;m going to start to start to go to it .
Gen out places all over the house for the things that enhances .
Well , this looks like a common sense , and that &apos;s the way , and it &apos;s the way that it looks like .
There is a structure of the brain , called the hippocampus that has evolved for hundreds of thousands of years to remember the location of important things . Where is the poz , where you can paint , where you live the allies and immigration
The hippocam is the brain part of the brain .
It &apos;s the brain of the brain .
In fact , there are someone who did the experiment to cut it in the corner of the scores .
But it works well with things that you don &apos;t have to move too much and not with things you move .
So you have to call some room for the keys .
For the paste , a specific box . The gasket , in a specific table .
If you call a place and if it &apos;s crapulating the things you &apos;re going to be in your place when you get them .
And when we travel ?
It gives you an email out of the photo to the club .
They seem to evolve things .
Remember when we are low stress , the brain emits correct .
The correct is toxicity and cloud the mind .
It has to recognize that low stress can &apos;t give the best of you , and you should be able to make some system .
I think that when you &apos;re faced with a medical decision .
We &apos;re all going to be somewhere in one situation .
And what I want to talk about .
or any decision that we need to do that we need to be able to do .
We know that you go to the doctor , and this says , &quot; &quot; I have the results of the teses and it has the cholesterol a little big . &quot;
You know that the high coping with the high school .
And you &apos;re not thinking about having the high school , not very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; I want to take a drug that &apos;s probably probably that they are likely to come out and they know that they are one of the
You should ask for a statistical for a statistical for a static .
It &apos;s the number needs to treat . And that &apos;s NNT ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take this drug before it helps a person .
And guess , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s about statistics is that ?
The number should be one . My doctor doesn &apos;t get to me something that doesn &apos;t help . &quot;
But medicine doesn &apos;t work like this .
We don &apos;t even know the underpinning mechanisms .
Glaplay Klinen that 90 percent of their drugs work between one 30 percent and a 50 percent of the cases .
So the NNT in the case of the most prescribed stack think that &apos;s ?
How many people have to do before we have to help someone ?
Now , this is the results of the results .
I really had the data .
And you &apos;re thinking that you are , you &apos;re thinking that you are , you &apos;re thinking that you are , you are going to see you ?
In the case of this drug , because of this drug .
And they include a lot of things . Dor to the muscles and stations , be gas — but you think , &quot; &quot; One five percent . I don &apos;t think it &apos;s me .
Three times the more possibilities that the drug can do .
I &apos;m not saying if you &apos;re going to take this story or not .
You only should have this conversation with your doctor .
You have enough to have this information to be able to talk to you .
I think that I think of this number to be surprised , but in reality at NNT .
For cancer , NNT is 49 .
Yes , you have to do 49 circumstances for every person who &apos;s help .
And the side effects in this case is in the 50 percent of patients .
They even get helpless , it &apos;s erectile .
So the idea of the preceding prepared for the character advance .
The ideal is to not have to create all this in the moment .
We also have to think about topics like life quality .
These are things that we have to think about and talk to the family and just loved ones .
Remember : low stress in the brain , and one of the things that happen at that moment is that you put a lot of systems .
Pevolutionation gives it explanation .
Because if the body invises metaboolism in these things , and we don &apos;t react very rapidly quickly quickly .
Danny , one of the things that stand up as we were given to Danny Keah and his colleagues .
So we need to be trained to think anticipated in this kind of situations .
I think the most important thing is to recognize that we all have advances .
At some point we &apos;re going to do .
The idea is to think anticipated in what they can be these senses , stable systems that can minimize the damage or just preventing these things .
I see that night with a snow in Montreal . When I came back from the travel of the front of the inside of the inside and a easy code to remember .
They are not completely organized , but they &apos;re not completely organized .
Good day !
Are you wasted ?
Anyone ? None . Well , nothing .
&quot; &quot; The letter , please ? &quot; &quot; In Arabic .
And he was looking at strangers , because she was left .
&quot; &quot; Come , come , you can see , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; He said , &quot; &quot; Come , come , you know , she said , &quot; &quot; He said , &quot; &quot; Come , come , you know , &quot;
I was trying to have to talk to me .
Only a word did that a limb move .
How can I talk to that ?
At that moment I started thinking .
and a lot of it .
How do we get there ?
Right now .
Now , despite all , the whole of all .
Or we use the university and we &apos;re going to have talked about work . It &apos;s not a language that we need to use .
But we have another more important reality .
And there are studies that claiming to dominate other languages language languages .
when they started writing in Arabic , when you started writing in Arabic .
These are their ideas , their imagination , their imagination , and confined ideas .
And when they started writing in English .
when you take his writings in English , when you take your writings in English , when you take your writings in English , when you take your writings in English , when you take your writings in English , when you take your writings in
We can feel that it &apos;s the same person .
Secondly , it says that it &apos;s killing his language .
This reality is known as well in the developing societies .
The altest , the French , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the Japanese , the
that advanced thinking didn &apos;t come to us , but I &apos;d like to hear that world .
And as a result of the world . &quot; &quot; As the Turkey , Malaisia and others , that they have taken their language to the time they were protected , protecting as a rooftop .
Green to his heart .
Because if we take any virtual product , we know that it &apos;s not a local product .
Nobody thought that it was a local product .
They should be consumers , ignorant consumers .
There are specific feeling specific feeling .
The language are not one , two or three words or letters on the row .
And I said , &quot; &quot; Dad &quot; &quot; &#91; &quot; &quot; Dad &quot; &quot; &#93; , you would live when people went through the street by the street .
How did you feel ?
If you don &apos;t see any problem , it &apos;s a better thing that looks like , and I &apos;m going to talk to you .
So what I mean is that these expressions are trauma .
I have a friend who speaks French as a French .
One time I asked her to her all .
And he said , &quot; &quot; All very well , but I went back to the entire night trying to treat translation to treat translation to treat translation to treat translation to treat translation to treat translation to treat translation to
We learned that she is not who you &apos;re telling it to her husband , and it &apos;s normal that he doesn &apos;t understand ; her way to think is different .
She said , &quot; &quot; He hears the Firzz with me , and a night , I was trying to make it feel what I feel when I feel when I heard Firzz . &quot; &quot; The police entered translated this , &quot; &quot;
( Applause ) Well , what do we do to protect the Arabic language ?
We try to implement civil society .
Yet that a lot of people say , &quot; &quot; Why do you worry ?
Except this point and punish good . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; What does it do ? &quot;
In the campaign to prevent Arabic Arabic .
We don &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; No !
And when someone tells me that , the Arabic Arabic .
We say — ( Applause ) Do we say that we want to change our reality , and be convinced in a form that reflecting our dreams , aspirations and the day .
It &apos;s a way that view of us and think how we think .
Next , we say , we &apos;ll be able to raise the photos of movements and monster dressed with Arabic characters .
Frates of movements and cool in English .
We are very cool .
And whatever says , &quot; &quot; Eh , we use a word in English ! &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; No ! I adopted the word &quot; &quot; cool &quot; &quot; pool to tell what they &apos;re going to do , but they propose
I &apos;m going to follow &quot; &quot; Internet . &quot;
And what they think they have accomplishments about us , what &apos;s going on to the language , where it comes to the language .
creativity in the subtle language is his way .
Let &apos;s start from now .
One sounds , she could be able to do more and global .
It could take the Arabic again in the highest .
But we have to know , and be convinced that there &apos;s a solution , and that we have to form a part of it .
Resctive , what can you do from now ?
Let &apos;s see , you , who &apos;s tule ?
Please , prepared , even though my time was over .
But they didn &apos;t write in Arabic contracts with numbers .
( Applause ) It &apos;s a fake ! It &apos;s not a language !
It would be in a virtual world in a virtual world with a virtual language .
And it &apos;s not easy to go back into that world and rexur .
Now I &apos;ll tell you a secret .
The babies identify first to his father first .
So when my son on my son , I told me , &quot; &quot; This is the top , my rugful . &quot; &quot; And I said that no , &quot; &quot; So &quot; &quot; Sohis is your life . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
What &apos;s happening in mind ?
If we &apos;ve been wondering about this 30 years , most of the people , psychologists included , would say this baby is irrational , illusion , egics — that he didn &apos;t have to tell the perspective of another person or I couldn
For the past 20 years , the science of development has completely pulled this theory .
In a way , we believe the thinking of this baby is like the thought of scientific thinking .
Let &apos;s give you an example of this .
One thing that could be thinking this baby , that it could be happening in his mind , it &apos;s to be able to disciplate what &apos;s happening in the mind of the other baby .
After all , one of the most hardcore things for all of us is to be able to disciplate what other people think and feel .
And maybe the harder thing is to understand that what other people think and feel is not the same as what we think and feel .
Anyone who &apos;s both of politics can tell the hard thing to work for some other people .
We wanted to know if babies and children could understand this whole idea about other people .
So the question is , how can we ask ?
The babies don &apos;t speak , and if you ask a three-year-old girl that tells us what you think , we only get a monologue of thoughts about one , which , and things like the style .
How can we ask ?
It turns out that the secret was the bricks .
Betyy Rezero , one of my students , and more of my students , we gave them babies two plasures with food : one with bricks and the other hand with a lot .
All the babies , even in Berkeley , you &apos;re going to hold it out and don &apos;t like the broccoli .
( Laughter ) And then , what Bethley was doing food for two gates .
And I thought I loved it or not what she was talking .
Sometimes , I was doing that they &apos;d like to raise the targets and not the bricks — like any baby or normal person .
But the other half , she took a little bit of bricks and said &quot; &quot; Mmm , bricks .
I started the bricks . Mmm . &quot; &quot; And then she would take a lot of them , and he said &quot; &quot; Aj , ponj , you .
And I &apos;ve shown it . I &apos;ve taken them . &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; Yes , I &apos;d like it like you &apos;d like to guide the opposite of what I loved the babies .
We did this with 15 and 18 months .
So Betty would take hand , and he said , &quot; Don &apos;t give me a little little bit ? &quot;
So the question was : would you give them the babies what I loved for them or ?
The surprising thing was that the 18 months babies are going to be able to start to walk and talk , they provided the targets if they &apos;d like to raise the estimate and the broccoli if she liked the bricks .
On the other hand , 15 months babies were going to be fighting for it if she would like to guide the broccoli , as if you couldn &apos;t understand .
And after I look at a long mouse , you give you a temporary mouse , what thought it would like to the whole world .
So there are two data releases in this .
For one hand is that the 18-month-old babies have discovered this important thing about human nature : that we don &apos;t all want the same .
It &apos;s more , they understand that they can be able to help other people do what they &apos;re going to .
And more interesting to me , is that the babies of 15 months don &apos;t do this ; what suggests that the child &apos;s 18 month children have learned this deep in the deepest part of being humble in the age of three months .
So babies know more and learn more than we think at now .
And this is only one of the cents of studies that have been done in the last 20 years that they &apos;ve done this made .
What you may ask now is : Why can kids learn so much ?
And how is that possible you learn so much in so little ?
I mean , the first view , babies seem quite unusual .
And in many occasions , they &apos;re worse than unusual , because we have to use a lot of time and energy just in living wings .
If we refuse the evolution for the answer to the answer to this mystery of why we lost so long to cook with unusual babies , it turns out there is there &apos;s a response answer .
If you look at various species species , not only the other primates like us , but also also other mammals , birds , even murder , even the dogs or the vaccinated , it turns out there are a result between childhood
One example of this is a little example of these birds you can see here .
For a band we have New Children &apos;s color .
The color and other meditations , free , etc , etc , etc . , are very intelligent .
In certain ways are so intelligent , like chimpanzees .
And this is a very studied pix that has learned to use tools to get food .
On the other band , we have to our own pole chicken for domestic .
The chickens , as as the patches , and geese , they &apos;re parashes like stones .
I &apos;m very good picky , but it &apos;s not very good at any other thing .
It turns out that the babies of New Children &apos;s color , the piracy .
He said , &quot; &quot; You know , you can see , you know , you know , you know , you &apos;re going to tell you , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
No embarrassing , the gates are adult in just a couple of months .
So , in fact , in fact , the reason is the reason that the color are over in the door of scientific journals as as as as as the guns we &apos;re looking at in the top of the soup pothes .
There is something in the long inner that seems to be connected to knowledge and learning .
What explains could we have for this ?
Some animals , like the chickens , seem to do a very cool thing .
So the chickens are very good picking up in a concrete environment .
Other creatures , like the color , are not especially good at all doing nothing , but they &apos;re very good learning to the norms of the hospital .
And of course , we , humans are very far away in that distribution .
We have bigger brains with our body , much more than any animal .
I make smarter , more flexibly , we can learn more , we can survive in many more entrepreneurs : we have migrate all over the planet and even face the space .
And our babies and children depend on us for much more time than the babies of other species .
My son has 23 .
( Laughter ) So at least to the 23 , we followed to the ones that worm in their open mouths in their open mouths .
All right , why we look at this correlation ?
One idea is that that strategy , the strategy of learning , it &apos;s a very powerful and powerful form of war in this world . But there &apos;s a great disadvanation :
It turns out to learn everything , if it &apos;s insane .
I would not be a master , but to be thinking , &quot; &quot; Am I a tapir or a grace ? Calal is going to be better ? &quot;
It would be better to know all of that before they were able to prevent the masses .
And the way that evolution has solve this problem was , it seems to be , with a skill of work .
So we have this journey of time in which we are completely protected .
We don &apos;t have to do anything .
And then , of adults , we can take it that we learn from babies and children and put it in practice to move around the world .
One way of thinking about this is that babies and the little children are like the Incomputer department and Dademption of the human species .
They are people protected , the ones that only have to go , learn and have some good ideas , and we are production and commerciation .
We have to take all those ideas that we learn from children and put them in practice .
Another form of old is , instead of thinking about babies and children like incomplete adults , think about them as being in a different developmental state of the same species ; like the couples and the pocketts , and the babies would be the
If this is true , if babies are designed to learn , and this evolution of evolution shows that this is , that kids are to learn , we can expect to be some very powerful learning mechanisms .
And in fact , the brain of a baby seems to be the most powerful computer computer on the planet .
Even the real computers are actually improving a lot .
It &apos;s supposed to be a revolution in our way to understand learning machines .
And all the cause of the ideas of this man , the returning Thomas Boyes , a static and mathematicians of the 20th century .
Basically , Boyes provided a mathematical procedure that was using the theory of probability to characterizes and describe the way that scientists would discover things in the world .
What scientists do do is to raise a hypothesis , something that can begin .
Then they take that hypotheses with tests .
The evidence they &apos;re going to change the prediction .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause )
What Boyes showed was a mathematical proportion that I could do that .
And the math is the basis of the best learning programs that we have today .
A decade ago , I sugar that babies should be doing the same .
If you want to know what &apos;s going down under these marks , I think it &apos;s something very much like this .
The first time on the Bay &apos;s grades .
I think the babies are doing very complicated calculations with probability condition that they found , and they find how the world works .
Well , this is even more difficult to detect .
If we ask for an adult about statistics , you can feel quite stupid .
How is that possible children do statistics ?
To test this , we use a machine that we had to call the Blicket Detector .
It &apos;s a box that gets out , and it sounds like it &apos;s on it , and it sounds a lot of different objects .
By using this so simple machine , in my lab , and also in others , if you &apos;ve been given a study of studies about the woods that are children learn about the world .
I would just just one that we did with Tom Kusner , one of my students .
If you show you this detector , you &apos;re probably starting to think that the way we will activate it is to put a block on the detector .
But the case is that the detector works works in a very much gap .
If you &apos;re going to be a block on the detector , something we don &apos;t think in one beginning , the detector detector is two of every three times .
As you put the block on the block , what would be the logic , it &apos;s only a couple of every six times .
So the less likely hypothesis has more evidence .
It turns out that the strategy of open the object is more effective than the other .
So we explain this data to the four-year-old children , and we &apos;re stock them .
And with safety , the four-year-old children used the data and they opened the object on the detector .
There are two interesting data in this fact .
The first one , I remind that they are four-year-old children .
They &apos;re learning to count .
But unconsciously , they &apos;re doing complex calculations that give you a measure of probability .
The second interesting thing is that they &apos;re using the evidence to get to a idea , a hypothesis about the world , which looks something like the beginning .
In studies that we do in the lab , other similarities , we prove that these four-year-old children are better to be able to be able to discover a little bit more likely to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
( Laughter ) In these circumstances , the children make statistics to make things about the world . But scientists have tried , and then they wanted to see if kids tried it too .
It &apos;s what we normally call &quot; &quot; measures &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; play . &quot; &quot; It has been many interesting studies , and there are lots of interesting studies that they &apos;ve shown that these games are like a kind of experimental research program
We show one of the Crisare Cegare lab .
Brains used to have a new Blicket new .
It has shown the kids that the gift blocks in work and the red to see them not , too , too , to show them a year .
What we &apos;ll see now is this guy by providing five chance of time .
Neno : And so ?
Neno : Well , I think on the other side .
Alaskan : Well , the first hypothesis rexis .
Neno : Neno ( Laughter ) Neno : This act , but this is not .
Alaskan : It has to describe an experimental for an experimental .
Neno : Why are you going to stand up ?
( Laughter ) Neno : I don &apos;t understand it .
Alaskan : Well , scientists have to recognize that face of desperation .
( Laughter ) Neno : Oh , it &apos;s because this has to be so , and this has to be like this .
Alaskan : List , two .
Neno : So it has to be .
Neno : Oh , you can &apos;t be .
( Laughter ) Alaskan : Now you see the next idea .
He asked to the researcher that try to try to fit on the other .
It also worked .
Neno : Oh , it &apos;s because light is only there , not there .
Under this box there is electricity , but this doesn &apos;t have .
Alaskan : Well , that would be the fourth hypothesis .
Neno : Now you act !
If you have four blocks .
If you put four blocks in this , it gets up and two to connect to the other .
Alasken : Well , that &apos;s the hypothesis .
This child is — it &apos;s a very ritual and huge child , but Cristine discovered that it &apos;s a very typical child .
If you look at how you play kids , if you ask you to explain something , what they do is try .
He &apos;s typical from the age of 4 .
Well , what if you feel like this kind of creature ?
What if it feels like being one of these pockets that can actually have five chance in two minutes ?
If you come back to the psychologists and philosophers and philosophers , lots of saying babies and children are only self-aware , or even not they &apos;re not in absolute .
But I think it &apos;s the opposite .
I think babies and children are more aware of the adults .
This is what we know about how consciousness works .
Consciousness and attention to a adult partner for a focus .
What happens in the adults is that when we decide something is important or relevant , we &apos;re paying attention .
The consciousness on that in what we &apos;ve been looking for , and you &apos;re looking for , as soon as the rest of you are going on .
We also know how this happens in the brain .
When we &apos;re paying attention to something , the frontal part of the brain , the part that exists the actions , sent a signal that makes a little part of the brain if we were flexibly , if it was more pole , better to
So we have a very focused attention , advice by the way .
If you look at babies and children , we see something very distinct .
I think babies and children seem to have a much more similar conscience than an lantern caves .
The babies and the children are very to limit the attention to a single thing .
But they give you very well to have a lot of information at all the time .
And if you look at your brains , what we see is that they &apos;re danger of neurotransmitters that inspire learning and plasticity , and that the injury still doesn &apos;t take the cable .
So when we say babies and children have problems to pay attention , which really means is that it costs to don &apos;t care attention .
( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) ( Applause )
That &apos;s the kind of attention , the kind of conscience that we must expect in those pockets that are designed to learn .
If you want to think about a way to feel that kind of child conscience as adults , I think the better way is to think about cases that we &apos;re trying to have a new situation in which we didn &apos;t have never before ; every time
In those cases of consciousness not against it , but it &apos;s going to expand , so it looks like in three days in Paris there are more conscience and experiences that all the months back in the house , walking out , speaking , going to
For the right , that coffee , that magnificent coffee that we take down , actually imitate the effect of the babies .
So how is a baby ?
It &apos;s like being born , in Paris , for the first time , after you &apos;re going to take three exhibits .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s a wonderful sensation , but it &apos;s just expected to expect to the 3 of the morning . ( Laughter )
But it &apos;s being an adult .
I don &apos;t mean too much about the magnificent that &apos;s the babies .
It &apos;s being adults .
We can do things like at the shoes , or cross the shoes or cross the streets alone .
And it has a sense that we put a lot too effort in making babies think about how adults think .
But if what we want is to be like those pockets , having your mind open , being open to learning , imagination , creativity , innovation , maybe , at least , we must be able to do that the adults think a little bit like children
( Applause )
These are simple objects : rings , keys , stuphes , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens , lens ,
It &apos;s the things that the genocide victims in Bosnia in Bosnia .
We are all accomplished to these world , and coordinary objects and comets .
The fact that some victims are going to take personal objects like pasta or the demand of teeth is a signal that they had no idea what I was going to talk about .
They used to tell them they would be interchanged to be interchanged .
These objects recovered from a few of the common focused focused on my land , and we &apos;re talking about , the releases excepted bodies of the new common focused focused focused on the 20 years .
And they &apos;re maybe the greatest discoveries .
During the four years of the conflict that celebrate Bosnia to the principles of the 90s , about 300,000 citizens , civic most of them , disappear , secure , and some hundred thousand,000 companies were angry during combat operations .
The more assigned assumptions , well in the first days of the war , or the face of the end of the conflict , they fall in remaining the belong army .
The international pread court had lost sensitive for crimes against humanity and genocide .
Xenocy is systemic destruction and delivery of a ethnic , political group , political and rational and rational and racial and rational and racial and rational and rational and racial and rational and racial and rational and racial and
The genocide is both killing .
As the destruction of the properties , the cultural hysody , and basically any sign of his existence .
The genocide is not only killing ; it &apos;s the negative of identity of identity .
Two , there are no clues , there are no perfect crime crime .
It has always been additional from the corners that are going to be more than their bodies , or our selection and the memory of memory .
These objects recovered from many common focused focused and the objective of objective of objectives is a unique process of identification that they disappear in the first act of genocide in Europe from the Holocaust .
In English should be able to be able to figure out or feel like you want to be able to try and try and try to try and try to try and try to be able to be able to try and try to try and try to try
Once if you go back to these objects that we were victims , they &apos;re victims of their own license .
One lot of them has met in the pockets of plastic as as you see in CSI .
Learning as tools are in the visual identification , but also like the silly tests in the texts of war .
Sometimes it &apos;s called the surface of the survival to physical knowledge , but visual recognition is a difficult process , and painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful , painful process is a difficult process
Once you are , doctors and Grandma had fought to be the sign of the narrative of the narrative of the story .
They destroy , even though they don &apos;t do it or they just appreciate out of the view and the mind of the mind .
A few years ago , I decided to photographer every exquisite object to create a simple visual archive that the surface of the supervant manufacturing .
I like to promote satellite sensitive .
And in this case , they &apos;re able to recognize the objects or at least that the photos they give as a permanent cut , physicians and imparative than it occurred .
The photographer is empathy and family familiar .
In this case , I are just a tool , a form , if you want , and the result is the most possible possible thing to a document to a document .
When you identify to it , you &apos;re going to give the bodies out of the bodies , and these coordinary objects coordinary objects , and these coordinary objects come from , and these coordinary objects come from , and these coordinary objects ,
In all the simplicity these objects are the tesist for the identity of victims of the greatest reminder that those people exist .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
A few years ago that I decided to follow the footprints of the great American philosopher , Morgan Sapurock , , and I &apos;ve been able to see that .
There are some things I &apos;ve learned with these 30 days .
that the months they didn &apos;t walk flying , because of course , if not the time was much more master .
And this belongs to my disappointment to take a picture of all the days for a month .
It would never have been so endure .
And I &apos;ve also understood I &apos;ve understood that I &apos;ve understood I &apos;ve understood I &apos;ve experienced I &apos;ve understood that I &apos;ve experienced .
For the right , the secret is not last because of all .
But they are going to go to you .
It &apos;s terrible .
I don &apos;t have to say , &quot; I &apos;m a computer resource . &quot;
No . If I want to say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m a writer . &quot;
I understood that by making little , sustainable change , it &apos;s more likely that the wings forever .
In fact , they &apos;re a very fun .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photograph .
Is that photograph ?
Because , of course , this is a picture that you can &apos;t buy its cameras .
With all , my interests in the photographer started when I did my first digital camera .
He moved with my passage before the cartoon , but it was a little bit different , because by employed the camera , the process was more well in design .
And when you look at a photograph with a camera , the process finds when you look at the puler .
For me , I &apos;ve got more to see with being in the identical place , at the same time .
I thought I could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process is beginning to preser the light .
Faros like this : a construction on a very transitive road .
But it has an unexpected gyrus .
And in this , it keeps a level of realism .
Or photos like these — dark and colorful , but all of the objective obtained to keep the level of realism .
When I say realism I say photo-realism .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something that can be really captured but I always want it to be captured in a way like a photograph .
Faros in the ones that one would have to think about a moment to discover the truck .
So this has more to see with captured a picture that containing a moment .
But what does it make them look real ?
Do you have to see the details or colors ?
Have you to see with light ?
What does it create illusion ?
Sometimes the perspective is illusion .
But in the end of our way to interpret the world and how it can be lost on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s really not about whether it &apos;s realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
So I see it as a creation of reality when we take different bits of reality and we have to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three physical physical objects perfectly perfectened , something we can all connect to live in a three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way you can create something that &apos;s still three-dimensional ; as you can exist .
But at the same time , we know that it doesn &apos;t exist .
So we encourage our brain because the brain simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it really doesn &apos;t have any sense .
And I see the same process to combine photos .
It actually consists of combating different reality .
So the things that do that a photograph of realistic look , I believe that they are in the ones that we don &apos;t even think ; the things that are rice in our daily life .
But when we combine pictures , it &apos;s really important to have this . Because the opposite will look like it .
So I &apos;d like to say that there are three simple records that we &apos;re going to stop to take out realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first record is that the combined photos have the same perspective .
Second , the combined photos have the same kind of light .
And these two images do do with these requirements ; they were shocked at the same time and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do to tell you where they start and finish the different images with a perfect amount .
It has to be impossible to tell how they make the picture really .
And I can coincorate the color , contrast and shining on the stairs that there are amongst the different images , encouring photographics as a depth of the field , color displaced and noise , we narrow the licenses between
This is another example .
( Laughter ) I could think that this is the picture of a landscape and the lower part is what has been manipulated .
But this picture is completely composed by a lot of different places .
I think it &apos;s easy to create a place that I find , because one doesn &apos;t have to compromise the ideas that has in your mind .
But this requires design design .
And as I thought this idea in the winter , I knew it had several months for designing , to find the different places for the creatures of the creature .
For example , fish has been captured on a left-out left .
The backs are a different ube .
The subsetter part has been captured in a stone poz .
And yeah , I really did see the house of the stage of the Israel so that we looked at the more Swedish .
So to make a realistic figure , I think it makes design design .
It &apos;s always a beautiful one , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photos .
And there each piece is very well-thought .
If you make a good job to take the photos out of the result , it can be very beautiful and at very real time .
All tools are there , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
In this slide , they have to look for their age at a horizontal axis .
After the puberty , we went out of the map .
And we &apos;re using a technique that we are using all the world in the world .
The dark distribution is completely different .
It changes our critical role models .
We had to make a group of control .
But we asked ourselves to do that paper .
And another group that was only exposure to an audio in a audio .
What you see here is the result of the audio .
It has six months .
( Applause )
( Applause )
